Duplicating File Descriptors
• Do not change file descriptor table directly
• Used open() and close() and two new functions
dup() copies oldfd to the first available entry (in FD table)
dup2() copies oldfd to newfd
    • Closes newfd first if it is in use

#include <unistd.h>
int dup(int oldfd);
int dup2(int oldfd, int newfd);

Steps for redirecting stdout
1. open(). open a file (and save the file descriptor in fd)
2. dup2(). copy fd to 1 (so that the file descriptor 1 points to the file just opened)
3. close(fd)


dup2(3,1) basically is close(1) and then dup(3)
- 1 is now pointing to whatever 3 is pointing to

Summary of Steps in Child Process
1. Close FDs that are opened in parent and not needed in child
2. open(). Open a file (and save the file descriptor in fd)
3. dup2(). Copy FD to the right place
4. close(fd)
5. Exec

**redirection must happen before exec in child (after fork() ) because after exec nothing in child will run**

• Where & when should the new file be opened ? 
    open the file in the child process after fork() but before exec().
        The child is the one that will run the new program.
        The file descriptor must exist before the program starts executing so its stdout is already redirected.
• Where & when should you call close(1) ? 
    in the child process before dup().
        File descriptor 1 is stdout
        We close it so that the next duplicated descriptor will take its place.

• Where & when should you call dup ? 
    Immediately after close(1) in the child process.

• Where & when should close(newfd) be called ?
    Still in the child, after dup() but before exec().
        After duplication, fd 1 already refers to the file.
        The original newfd descriptor is no longer needed

The difference between execl* and execv* is the argument passing. execl* require a list of arguments while execv* require a vector of arguments.
A list of arguments is useful if you know all the arguments at compile time. 
In your case the arguments will be entered by the user and you have to construct a vector of arguments at run time, so you should use one of the execv* functions.

The functions with suffix p use the PATH environment variable to find the program (e.g. "ls"), 
without this you have to specify the full path (either absolute or relative to the current directory, e.g. "/bin/ls"). 
Using PATH is what shells normally do, so this seems to be the correct choice for you.

